DOCSP-43025 Update Quick Start (#421)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/quick-start.txt

Set Up Your Project
-------------------

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

   .. step:: Create and initialize your project

      Create a new directory and initialize your project using ``go mod``.

      .. code-block:: shell

         mkdir go-quickstart
         cd go-quickstart
         go mod init go-quickstart

   .. step:: Add the {+driver-long+} as a dependency

      Use ``go get`` to add the {+driver-long+} as a dependency.

      .. code-block:: shell

         go get go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/mongo

Create a MongoDB Cluster
------------------------

.. include:: /includes/quick-start/atlas-setup.rst

Query Your MongoDB Cluster from Your Application
------------------------------------------------

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

>    .. step:: Create a new file

Reviewer: Can we switch the "Create a new file" step and the "Add your connection string" step?

Currently we have:
1. create main.go
2. export connection string
3. actually fill out main.go

It would be nice for the creation of main.go and its usage to be together rather than broken up by the "export" command step.

Author: Yeah I see what you mean. Updating.

      Create an environment variable called ``MONGODB_URI`` and set your
      Atlas connection string as its value.

      .. code-block:: bash

         export MONGODB_URI='<your atlas connection string>'

      .. note::

         Make sure to replace the "<password>" section of the connection string with
         the password you created for your user that has **atlasAdmin** permissions.

   .. step:: Create a new file

>       Create a new file called ``main.go`` in the base directory of your project.

Reviewer 2: S: to introduce the code example:
```suggestion
      Run the following command from the base directory of your project to create a new file called ``main.go``:
```

      .. note::

         Make sure to replace the "<password>" section of the connection string with
         the password you created for your user that has **atlasAdmin** permissions.

   .. step:: Create your Go application

      Copy and paste the following code into your ``main.go`` file. This code
      runs a query on your sample dataset in MongoDB Atlas.

      .. literalinclude:: /includes/quick-start/main.go
         :language: go
         :dedent:

   .. step:: Run your application

      Run the sample code with the following command from your command line:

      .. code-block:: bash

         go run main.go

      .. include:: /includes/quick-start/query-output.rst

      .. tip::

         If you receive no output or an error, check whether you properly set up
         your environment variable and ensure you have loaded the 
         :atlas:`sample datasets </sample-data/>` into your cluster.

After you complete these steps, you have a working application that uses
the {+driver-long+} to connect to your MongoDB cluster, runs a query on the
sample data, and prints out the result.

Next Steps
----------

> .. include:: /includes/quick-start/next-steps.rst

Reviewer: One more instance here that should be changed to "MongoDB Go Driver":
"Learn how to read and modify data using the Go driver"

Set Up Your Project
-------------------

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

   .. step:: Create and initialize your project

      Create a new directory and initialize your project by using ``go mod``, as
      shown in the following commands:

      .. code-block:: shell

         mkdir go-quickstart
         cd go-quickstart
         go mod init go-quickstart

   .. step:: Add the {+driver-long+} as a dependency

      Use ``go get`` to add the {+driver-short+} as a dependency, as shown in
      the following command.

      .. code-block:: shell

         go get go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/mongo

Create a MongoDB Cluster
------------------------

.. include:: /includes/quick-start/atlas-setup.rst

Query Your MongoDB Cluster from Your Application
------------------------------------------------

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

   .. step:: Add your connection string

>       Create an environment variable called ``MONGODB_URI`` and set your

Reviewer 2: S: specify where to run this command
```suggestion
      From your project directory, run the following command to create an environment variable called ``MONGODB_URI`` and set your
```

Author: Updating to introduce the command snippet slightly revised from your suggestion since you can run this command anywhere while within the terminal session.

> Use Go Mod to Initialize a Project

Author: Good call, removing.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Create a new directory and initialize your project by using ``go mod``.
.. procedure::
   :style: connected

.. code-block:: shell
   .. step:: Create and initialize your project

   mkdir go-quickstart
   cd go-quickstart
   go mod init go-quickstart
      Create a new directory and initialize your project using ``go mod``.

.. _golang-add-mongodb-dependency:
      .. code-block:: shell

> Add MongoDB as a Dependency

Author: Thanks for calling this out! I can update the name of this section to match the original anchor link.

> Add MongoDB as a Dependency

Reviewer: i'm less worried about the exact text, but rather to make sure we have the link set up properly. we're updating the Atlas UI for V2 anyways, so if you give me the correct new link, i can make sure Atlas UI has it.

> Add MongoDB as a Dependency

Reviewer: I think "Add the MongoDB Go Driver as a dependency" makes more sense.

> Add MongoDB as a Dependency

Reviewer: rereading it now, "Add the MongoDB Go Driver as a dependency" probably makes more sense.

>       Use ``go get`` to add the Go driver as a dependency.

Author: We have that variable already (`{+driver-long+}`) - I can update to use it instead.

>       Use ``go get`` to add the Go driver as a dependency.

Author: @jtazin I checked with the team and it sounds like the consensus is that if we use the full product name (i.e. the MongoDB Go Driver) we capitalize, if we just say "the [language] driver", we don't capitalize.

>       Use ``go get`` to add the Go driver as a dependency.

Reviewer: Great, let's use `{+driver-long+}` -- I assume that maps to `MongoDB Go Driver`?

> @jtazin I checked with the team and it sounds like the consensus is that if we use the full product name (i.e. the MongoDB Go Driver) we capitalize, if we just say "the [language] driver", we don't capitalize.
Awesome, this way "MongoDB [Language] Driver" acts as an official name.

>       Use ``go get`` to add the Go driver as a dependency.

Author: Yes exactly. I'll update the remaining usage of Go driver with that.

      .. code-block:: shell

>          go get go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/mongo

Reviewer: This is a very good point. The solution is to update the string in the Atlas UI (in general, there's a bunch of things that still need to be updated to v2). I will file a Jira for this once I figure out the right team.

>          go get go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/mongo

Reviewer: I've reached out to Sahi Muthyala. Let's see what she says

>          go get go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/mongo

Reviewer: https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CLOUDP-299890

>          go get go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/v2/mongo

Reviewer: We will need an updated screenshot once they update the Atlas UI.

   .. step:: Add other dependencies

      Use ``go get`` to add any necessary dependencies. This Quick Start
      uses the ``godotenv`` package to read a MongoDB connection string
      from an environment variable to avoid embedding credentials within
      source code.

      .. code-block:: shell

         go get github.com/joho/godotenv

> 

Author: In this case this component needs to have a space between the component definition (`code-block`) and the content. The white space in the preview is due to how the `procedure` component with the steps is styled. I noticed that as well, it has quite a bit of padding.

> 

Reviewer: Is there a way to lessen the padding? Perhaps I should file a Jira issue for this (the `procedure` component padding)?

> 

Author: Not that I know of on our end, the styles are pre-defined ([this is the spec](https://github.com/mongodb/snooty-parser/blob/main/snooty/rstspec.toml) for reference). You can choose the connected style like in this PR or normal which doesn't have the dotted line and has less padding. However the other driver quick starts use the connected style so it's more consistent to keep it.

> 

Reviewer: Sounds like you picked the best choice for it then. Thanks for the info.

Create a MongoDB Cluster
------------------------

.. include:: /includes/quick-start/atlas-setup.rst

Query Your MongoDB Cluster from Your Application
------------------------------------------------

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

   .. step:: Create a new file

      Create a new file called ``main.go`` in the base directory of your project.

      .. code-block:: shell

         touch main.go

>    .. step:: Add your connection string

Author: I think the current version of this quick start leaves it up to the user if they want to use a .env file or just export their environment variables. Do you think it's better to recommend one path vs the other and add that step?

>    .. step:: Add your connection string

Reviewer: You're right that this can be done multiple ways. I don't have to strong a preference, but since this is the quick start guide, I would say we should just pick the easiest one. Either way, we should spell it out explicitly, we don't want users getting stuck.

With this in mind, perhaps the easiest thing is just to add it as a variable in the function?

Also, depending on which route we pick, we might not need this import above `github.com/joho/godotenv`?

>    .. step:: Add your connection string

Author: You're right. I tested using the `EXPORT` approach without the package and removing the check for the `.env` file from the quickstart.
